I
yo let's get on guys a story gaming here
and today I've got a video for you guys
regarding call of duty ghosts so I
really close to the launch of ghosts
we're only about seven days away which
is really good and of course I will be
getting it on launch and I will be doing
a lot of videos for you guys covering
everything that I can possible now first
of all I want to be covering some
different information in this video
regarding the maps I've also got a
comparison between the xbox one and the
ps4 and also have some other information
about the different game modes that will
be available in ghosts as well but I
have been doing a lot of GTA recently
and I want to start merging back into
call of duty because this channel is
pretty much call of duty based and I've
just been merging into GTA as that was
the game that people were focusing on
but now since battlefield and call of
duty ghosts are now coming out I'm going
to start to merge back into those two
games now the first part of the news I
have for you guys is about the xbox one
and the quality that it will be
supporting for ghosts now this is sort
of sad news for the xbox one users like
myself it's been revealed by IGN it's
sort of been rumored that the xbox one
will only support 720p when the ps4 will
support 1080p now I'm not exactly sure
if it's been upscaled or if they are
going to upscale it or anything but it
is rumored at the moment the xbox one
will only support 720p which is sort of
sad if you're comparing it to the ps4
which is going to get 1080p so that's
sort of the sad news in this video I
wanted to briefly touch on of course
none of this has been confirmed yet but
this is rumored by IGN so it is most
likely going to be correct now the next
bit of news I have for you guys is about
what game modes will be included in call
duty ghost multiplayer now this was
leaked by some user that has played the
game and I will be going through all of
them for you guys now first up we have
TDM free-for-all Search and Destroy
domination kill confirmed search and
rescue grind blitz cranked infected and
hunted now some of them we didn't know
was going to be in call duty ghosts when
you'll fuel them and i believe IGN is
currently going through all the game
modes and showing gameplay and
explaining how each one works which
we're going to see a lot more but node
extinction is not in this
particular area as a believe it is part
of squads and there's a co-op based mode
and it's not multiplayer so I'm really
going to have to see I really don't have
any information on extension for you
guys at this stage but when we do get
information I'm hoping we're going to
get information in the next few days I
will be putting a video up notifying you
guys exactly what it is but they are the
game modes that will be included in core
duty ghost multiplayer they also have
the 14 leaked maps that have been
revealed as well before we have seen
some of these maps but we haven't seen
all of them now the first one is called
prison break the next one is called
octane then we have tremor freight
whiteout stormfront siege warhawk
sovereign stonehaven overload chasm
flooded and strike zone so they are all
the maps that are currently in the game
that's not including the DLCs of course
they're all the base multiplayer maps
that the game will be coming with at
launch now the last piece of information
have for you guys is the call duty
ghosts will be in two discs so I'm not
saw one is going to be multiplayer and
one is going to be single player or it
could be similar to GTA 5 how you had to
install the disk now they're sort of
rumors on both sides but I'm guessing
you're probably going to have to install
it to your hard drive because i believe
i did see that somewhere so if you guys
enjoyed of course make sure you hit the
like button it upset a ton i'll be
uploading a ton of cool gg-ghost videos
when it does come out custom classes
game place and a lot more so make sure
you guys stay tuned for that as well
make sure you guys have a comment down
below let me know you guys think and
make sure you guys subscribe if you
haven't of course to keep up with all
the waves called you to content and i'll
see you guys in my next video
you